1. Stacking sundries at the emergency exit on the second floor. 2. The temporary power supply for the kitchen did not meet the safety requirements."
1. No sign of "emergency exit" was set at the emergency exit of the main door; 2. The emergency lighting in the hall failed, and the wires were not protected by pipe or pressure line; 3. The lightbox covered the distribution box, and the box was not connected with the zero line grounding protection; 4. The gas meter and the switch were blocked.
1. The records of the emergency drill did not meet the requirements
1. The temporary power supply of the kitchen did not meet the requirements
1. There was no safe evacuation map in the private room
1. Stacking sundries in the power distribution room
1. Stacking sundries in the evacuation route of the kitchen operation room.
1. The system of hazard identification and management was incomplete, and the specific provisions on the inspection, registration, report, monitoring, rectification, acceptance, and other aspects of the hazard and the fund guarantee were not specified.
1. Most of the circuit layings were not standard in the hall; 2. The guest rooms on the second floor were not equipped with fire escape equipment.
1. There were no emergency lights at the corner of the second-floor stairs.
1. Failure to record the emergency drill truthfully.
1. The emergency exit of the distribution room was a lack of indication sign.
1. There was no evacuation map in the private room.
1. Failed to show safety education and training files, including training records and assessment records.
1. The safety education and training records of employees were incomplete;
1. The records of hazard inspection were incomplete; 
3. The records of emergency rescue drills did not meet the requirements.
1. Sundries piled up in the passage on the north side of the kitchen.
1. The responsibility system of work safety was incomplete.
1. The safety education and training system was incomplete.
3. Thirty-eight employees, including Dong Yuqian, he Qiaoling, and Dai Yong, worked without safety education and training;
4. The system of hazard identification and management was incomplete.
1. The system of hazard identification and management was incomplete.
1. Failure to record the emergency drill truthfully;
2. Three emergency exit indication signs on the southwest side of the business place were not standardized.
1. The laying of power lines was not standard.
1. Several mechanisms and records of work safety were incomplete.
1. Lack of evacuation signs at the corner of the second-floor stairs.
1. It was wrong that the electric sliding door was used for the emergency exit of the front gate.
2. Several power-supply waterproof devices were missing in the kitchen.
3. Multiple power lines were not protected by tubes or strips.
4. The warehouse setting did not meet the requirements of the specification.
5. The power switch was set on the barbecue smoke collecting cover, and the bare wire was laid through the iron smoke collecting cover without protections.
1. No gas supply contract signed
1. The employer failed to detect and evaluate the occupational hazard factors in the workplace with the regulations or failed to correct them within the time limit.
1. Explosion proof lamps were not installed in the warehouse according to the regulations;
2. There was no evacuation map in the north private room.
1.  The power switch box was a lack of safety signs in the kitchen.
1. Failure to record the rescue drills truthfully;
2. Stacking sundries in an emergency evacuation route.
1. Some power lines were not provided with pipe protection through the wall; 2. Some power boxes were damaged; 3. Some cooking machines had no safety operation the regulations;"
4. There were many oil stains attached to the kitchen power circuit;
5. Some power lines were vertically laid less than 2m without pipe or strip protection.
1. The employer failed to maintain, overhaul and detect the occupational disease protection equipment, emergency rescue facilities, and personal occupation disease protection articles according to the regulations, or failed to maintain regular operation and usage status, or failed to correct them within the time limit.
1. There were no operating procedures for kitchen machinery and equipment;
2. There was no waterproof protection device for some sockets in the kitchen;
3. Temporary circuit laying did not meet the specification requirements
1. The laying of the temporary circuit in the kitchen did not meet the requirements of the specification;
2. There was no emergency lighting in the kitchen.
1. The temporary circuit laying in the business area did not meet the specification requirements;
2. The kitchen lacked emergency lights.
1. Kitchen power distribution box was damaged;
2. The connection of kitchen power line did not meet the requirements of the specification;
3. The flue was not cleaned on schedule;
4. warehouse lamps were not explosion proof.
1. There were no operating procedures for individual machinery and equipment in the kitchen;
2. Incorrect use of individual indication signs in the evacuation route.
3. The connection of temporary power lines in the business area did not meet the specification requirements.
4. Sundries were stacked outside the evacuation door at the northeast emergency exit.
1. Management mechanisms of work safety were incomplete.
2. Emergency evacuation route was occupied by sundries.
1. Emergency exit was a lack of safety exit indication sign.
1. No evacuation map in the private rooms on the second floor.
1. The laying of the kitchen power line did not meet the requirements of the specification;
2. There was no anti riot device for the lamp of smoke collecting hood;
3. Sundries were stacked around the main valve;
4. There was no waterproof cover for the power socket in the kitchen;
5. There was no "safety exit" sign on the emergency exit of the kitchen.
1. The laying of the power line did not meet the requirements of the specification;
2. The gas hose was too long;
3. No safety education and training were conducted for employees.
1. Storage of sundries in the kitchen evacuation route.
1. Failure to drill regularly according to the emergency drill plan.
1. The evacuation route of the emergency exit of the front gate was occupied by sundries.
2. The distance between the super height of goods stacking in the kitchen warehouse and the lamps did not meet the specification requirements.
3. There was no evacuation indication sign in the evacuation route of the northwest emergency exit of the kitchen.
1. Sundries were piled up at the emergency exit on the west side of the first floor hall.
1. Stacking sundries in the gas room; 2. After inspection, the flue cleaning record has exceeded the deadline (the last cleaning date was December 22); 3. The hazard identification and management system were incomplete, and the requirements for inspection, registration, report, monitoring, rectification, acceptance, and fund guarantee were not specified.
1. The evacuation route of the kitchen lacked the sign of a safety exit.
1. Some fire hydrants were covered by sundries.
1. Lack of evacuation signs in the evacuation route.
1. Lack of emergency lighting at the kitchen exit.
1. If the opening direction of the emergency exit escape door was wrong, it should be opened to the escape direction. 2. 17 employees, including Zhao Baoshan and Zhu Guangjie, were not educated, trained, and assessed in work safety as required, and the education and training assessment of employees were not recorded truthfully.
3. Failed to carry out emergency rescue drills as required.
1. The waterproof cover of some sockets was damaged.
1. Stacking sundries in the evacuation route.
1. The indication signs of the second-floor business place were not installed consistently;
2. There was no safety evacuation map in the business place on the second floor.
1. The temporary wiring in the kitchen was in disorder, which did not meet the specification requirements; 2. The panel of the switch box was missing in the kitchen; 3.Individual sockets had no waterproof device in the kitchen; 4. No explosion-proof lamp and explosion-proof switch were set in the warehouse. 5. The use of adjustable pressure reducing valve for the LPG cylinder did not meet the specification requirements; 6. Sundries were stacked in the distribution room; 
1. The responsibility system of work safety was incomplete; 
7. The system of hazard identification and management was incomplete. 8. Failed to record the safety training of employees truthfully; 9. Failure to record the hazards truthfully; 10. No original electrician certificate of Li Peng.
1. There were no operating regulations for kitchen machinery.
1. The laying of a temporary power line in the kitchen did not meet the requirements.
1. The warehouse setting did not meet the requirements of the specification
1. New employees Niu Jiezuo and Tan Shaolong were not qualified for work safety education and training.
1. There was no warning sign on the door of the distribution box.
1. Sundries were stacked under a fireproof rolling shutter door.
1. There was a lack of fire blankets in the kitchen.
1. The wiring of the power distribution box in the kitchen did not meet the requirements; 2. The laying of some temporary power lines did not meet the safety requirements; 3. The system of hazard identification and management was incomplete.
1. There was no explosion-proof lamp in the warehouse.
1. Some electrical appliances were not protected through pipes.
1. There was no explosion-proof lamp in the underground warehouse.
1. Temporary electricity laying did not conform to the specification.
1. The laying of a temporary power line in the kitchen did not meet the specification requirements; 2. Some power distribution boxes were not connected to zero protection. 3. Some warehouse lamps were not riot-proof and set up office area; 4. The goods were stacked at the emergency exit in the east of the kitchen, which blocked the emergency exit.
1. Some emergency exit signs were not electrified.
1. Sundries were stacked in front of the emergency exit.
1. Stacking sundries in the evacuation route.
1. The distribution box was a lack of warning signs on the second floor.
1. Steps were set within 1.4m outside the west emergency exit.
1. Lack of safety warning signs in the distribution room.
1. Individual sockets had no waterproof device in the kitchen.
1. sundries were stacked at the emergency exit of the north gate on the first floor.
2. sundries were stacked at the emergency exit of the north gate on the first floor.
1. Failure to record emergency drills truthfully.
1. Temporary wiring was in disorder on the construction site.
1. Temporary wiring was in disorder on the construction site.
1. The temporary power supply in the kitchen did not meet the requirements.
1. The employer failed to organize occupational health training for workers with the regulations, or failed to take guidance and supervision measures to protect individual occupational diseases, or failed to correct within the time limit.
1. The employer failed to organize occupational health training for workers with the regulations, or failed to take guidance and supervision measures to protect individual occupational diseases, or failed to correct within the time limit.
1. The employer failed to organize occupational health training for workers with the regulations, or failed to take guidance and supervision measures to protect individual occupational diseases, or failed to correct within the time limit.
1. The evacuation route on the north side of the kitchen was stacked with sundries;
2. No riot switch was installed in the rice noodle warehouse.
3. Sundries were piled up in the main gas valve room
"1. There was no evacuation indication sign in the west evacuation route;
2. There was a lack of emergency lighting in the evacuation route of the east emergency exit.
1. The temporary power supply in the office did not meet the requirements.
1. Failed to report the status of hazards identification and management timely;
2. lack of safety exit indication signs in the logistics department.
1. There was no emergency lighting at the exit of the first floor; 2. there was no evacuation sign at the corner of the stairs on the second and third floors.
1. The goods in the warehouse were stacked too high.
1. There was no evacuation map in the private room on the second floor; 
2. There were no operation the regulations for the meat cutter in the kitchen; 
3. The goods in the warehouse on the second floor were stacked too high.
1. Eight new employees, such as Hu Xiuli, Zhang Fangling, Zhu Xiaoyan, and Pan Qing, were employed without safety education and training. According to the first paragraph of Article 25 of the law of the people's Republic of China on work safety.
1. There was no responsibility system of work safety;
2. No employee assessment record;
3. There was no record of emergency rescue drills;
4. Stacking sundries in the gas valve room;
5. Some safety exit signs had not power storage.
6. There was no annual inspection mark on the elevator;
7. The temporary circuit laying did not meet the specification requirements;
8. There were no operating procedures for kitchen machinery and equipment
1. Individual sockets had no waterproof device in the kitchen. 2. Explosion-proof lamp and anti-riot switch were not set in the warehouse; 3. There were no operating procedures for kitchen machinery and equipment (individuals).
1. Emergency exit was a lack of safety exit indication
1. Emergency exit was a lack of exit signs 
1. Emergency exit was a lack of emergency lighting
1. The indication sign of the east emergency exit was damaged, and there was no emergency lamp;
2. The temporary power supply did not meet the requirements of the specification;
3. Individual sockets had no waterproof device in the kitchen
1. New employees were not qualified for work without safety education and training;
2. The records of emergency rescue drills were incomplete;
3. The records of hazard inspection were incomplete;
1. Chi Da Jun, a new employee, lacked records of safety education and training;
2. The records of emergency rescue drills were incomplete.
1. Stacking sundries in safe evacuation route;
2. There were no safety operation the regulations for slicer
1. The safety exit was a lack of safety signs.
1. The safety exit lacked safety indication.
1. Emergency exit was a lack of the emergency exit signs 
1. Emergency exit was a lack of emergency lighting.
1. There was no emergency evacuation map for private rooms on the second floor.
1. The temporary power supply for the kitchen did not meet the requirements.
1. Lack of safety exit indication sign in the kitchen operation room.
1. The records of emergency rescue drills were incomplete.
1. The responsibility system of work safety was incomplete;
2. The safety education and training system was incomplete.
2. The safety  education and training system was incomplete.
1. There was too much oil pollution in the distribution box in the kitchen;
2. The stacking of goods in the temporary warehouse of basement did not meet the requirements
1. The switch box cover missed in the kitchen 
2. The temporary wiring in the staff dormitory was overlapped in disorder.
1. The warning signs in roast duck room and stir fry room were not standardized."
1. Lack of evacuation signs in the evacuation route.
1. Temporary electricity laying did not meet the requirements.
1. Failed to carry out safety education and training for employees fan Baohui and Li Shuang as required
1. Failed to carry out safety education and training for employees Guo Shaojie and Guan Quanwei as required.
1. The evacuation route of the warehouse was stacked with sundries
2. there was no indication sign of the emergency exit;
2. The 12 Chemicals  (sodium hydroxide) were stored and used in violation of the regulations on the first floor of the underground
3. Incorrect opening direction of the emergency exit door of the warehouse
1. The electrical equipment in the switch box of the compressor was damaged;
2. The wire of the palace lantern was exposed in the business place.
1. Rules and the regulations of work safety were incomplete.
1. Sundries were stacked in the evacuation route of the kitchen on the second floor, and they are also stacked in front of a fire hydrant; 2. The waterproof cover was damaged in the kitchen.
1. The evacuation route of the kitchen was stacked with sundries;
2. Stacking sundries under a fire hydrant distribution board
1. Stacking sundries in the evacuation route of the kitchen operation room.
1. The warehouse setting was not standardized. The goods were stacked disorderly
1. The electrical equipment was not in line with the standard requirements;
2. The gas room was not equipped with an exhaust device
2. The gas room was piled up with debris
2. The gas room was not physically isolated from other safe areas.
3. Failed to record the safety education and training of employees truthfully.
1. The explosion-proof lamps in some warehouses did not conform to the standard and were damaged.
1. There was no waterproof cover for the electric socket in the kitchen.
1. Sundries were piled up in the evacuation route of the business area, and there was no ground evacuation indication sign
1. The work safety regulations were incomplete.
1. The work safety regulations were incomplete.
1. The laying of temporary wiring in the kitchen did not conform to the standard
2. There were no operation the regulations for cooking machinery
1. 21 employees, including Chen can, Wang Haiwei, Chen Min, and Gao Yuzhen, worked without safety education and training.
1. New employees Zhou Xiaxia, Chi Beibei, and Wang Long were not qualified for work without safety education and training. 
2. West emergency exit was blocked by dining table
1. The files of safety education and training were incomplete, and the time of safety education and training of employees was not recorded in detail.
1. The temporary power supply in the kitchen did not meet the requirements;
2. There was no waterproof cover for the electric socket in the kitchen
1. Gas cookers did not meet the requirements.
1. The temporary power supply for the kitchen did not meet the requirements.
1. There was no waterproof protection device for individual sockets in the kitchen
2. Some emergency lights  were damaged in the kitchen
1. The records of hazard inspection were incomplete;
1. There was no emergency rescue plan.
1. The ground of the distribution room was a lack of insulating ground glue
1. Lack of signs for an evacuation route.
1. There were no safety evacuation signs in some private rooms on the second floor.
2. Sundries piled up in the gas room on the first floor.
1. Emergency exit was a lack of safety exit indication sign.
1. Ground evacuation signs were damaged.
1. There was no waterproof protection device for individual sockets in the kitchen
2. The pressure of individual fire extinguisher was insufficient
1. New employees were not qualified for work due to a lack of safety education and training
1. There was no emergency lighting at the emergency exit
2. The emergency exit was a lack of indication sign
3. There was no waterproof protection device for individual socket in the kitchen.
1. There was a lack of emergency lights on the second floor of the business area.
2. There was no fire blanket in the kitchen.
1. There was no waterproof protection device for individual sockets in the kitchen.
1. There was no waterproof protection device for individual sockets in the kitchen.
2. Some emergency lights were not charged.
1. Lack of indication sign for emergency exit.
1. No safety education and training plan has been established;
2. Failure to maintain the inspection items during hazard management;
3. There were two outlets for the refrigerator and blocked by the fire blanket
4. Placed a single fire extinguisher;
5. Only a socket is used by the noodle maker and refrigerator in the warehouse. 
5. The switch was short of leakage protection;
6. Lack of operating procedures for gas-fired rice steamer.
1. Lack of waterproof cover for kitchen socket.
1. There was no indication sign of the emergency exit in the kitchen and the corner of the stairs.
1. The archives of safety education and training were incomplete, and the time and assessment results of safety education and training were not recorded truthfully;
2. The responsibility system of work safety was incomplete.
1. The education and training files of employees for work safety were incomplete;
2. The safety education and training system was incomplete.
3. The system of hazard identification and management was incomplete, and no record of hazard inspection
4. The responsibility system of work safety was incomplete;
5. The emergency rescue plan and emergency drill record were incomplete.
1. The safety education and training files of employees were incomplete, and the time, content, and assessment results of safety education and training of employees Guan Xiling and LAN Pengjun were not recorded in detail
2. The system of hazard identification and management was incomplete.
1. There were no operating procedures for kitchen machinery and equipment.
1. The temporary power consumption in the hall and the kitchen did not meet the requirements
1. There was no waterproof protection device for individual sockets in the kitchen
2. Explosion-proof lamp was not set in the warehouse (southeast side)
1. Some sockets in the kitchen were not equipped with waterproof protection device.
1. The work safety regulations and their records were incomplete; 2. There was no waterproof protection for individual sockets in the kitchen; 3. There were no obvious operating procedures for individual machinery and equipment in the kitchen
1. There was no emergency rescue plan;
2. There was no waterproof protection device for some sockets in the kitchen.
3. Stacking sundries at the safe exit of the kitchen.
1. Incorrect use of signs for evacuation route on the second floor.
1. Explosion-proof lamps were not installed in the warehouse according to the  regulations;
2. The production and business units did not set up safety warning signs or did not correct them within the time limit
1. The production and business units did not set up safety warning signs or did not correct within the time limit. emergency lights were not installed at the exit of the hall.
1. The temporary power supply in the kitchen did not meet the requirements;
2. There were no safety signs in the emergency evacuation route. 
1. Store sundries in an emergency evacuation route.
2. There was no waterproof device in the power socket of the kitchen.
1. The safety  education and training system was incomplete.
1. The distribution box outside the east gate was a lack of warning signs.
2. Temporary wiring were abused.
2. The safety education and training system and records were incomplete.
2. The records of emergency drills were incomplete.
1. New employees Xie Jiayu, Guo Lifang, Ma Yonglu, Han Wenhao, and Liu Hongxia were not qualified for work due to a lack of safety education and training.
1. Three new employees were not qualified for work due to a lack of safety education and training;
2. The responsibility system of work safety was incomplete;
3. The records of emergency rescue drills were incomplete;
4. Some waterproof protection devices were damaged.
5. The office area was set in the warehouse where some electrical equipment and facilities were used.
6. Sundries were stacked in front of the distribution box in the kitchen, and no sign was set.
1. The time, contents, and participants of some employees' education and training were not truthfully recorded
2. The hazard identification and management system was incomplete, and the fund guarantee of eliminating hazards was not specified.
1. There was no waterproof protection device for individual socket in the kitchen
1. There was no explosion-proof lamp and switch in the warehouse
1. The laying did not meet the specification for some temporary circuits
